Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-calculating-time
<br>
<p class="ui header product-top-header" title="Calculating time Solution">In this project you are going to build and test an assembly language program to determine the time units based on user input. The user will input the number of hours, minutes, and seconds. Your output will be the time converted to the (just) seconds, the time converted to (just) minutes and seconds, and the time converted to hours, minutes, and seconds. After outputing the values, your program will ask if the user wishes to run the program again. If ‘y’ or ‘Y’, the program will loop back for another user entry and program output, while ‘n’ or ‘N’ will exit the program. Any invalid character will .For a user input of 2 hours, 23 minutes, and 41 seconds, the number of seconds is:(2 * 3600) + (23 * 60) + (1 * 41) = 8621 secondsComputing the time in minutes and seconds:(2 * 60) + (23 * 1) = 143 minutes 41 secondsOf course, the original time in hours, minutes and seconds is:2 hours, 23 minutes, 41 secondsSample user interaction for these values (user input in italics):Enter the time in hours minutes seconds 2 23 41Time is 8621 secondsTime is 143 minutes, 41 secondsTime is 2 hours 23 minutes, 41 secondsDo you want to repeat (y/n)? yEnter the time in hours minutes seconds 3 79 351Time is 15891 secondsTime is 264 minutes, 51 secondsTime is 4 hours 24 minutes, 51 secondsDo you want to repeat (y/n)? QInvolid input, please re-enter (y/n) N (then exit the program)Hand in: A listing of your program, along with a hard copy of the program’s execution.Email your source code to your instructor.

5/5 - (1 vote)